JSS 4780:

cubble: An R Package for Organizing and Wrangling Multivariate Spatio-temporal Data
H. Sherry Zhang, Dianne Cook, Ursula Laa, Nicolas Langrené, Patricia Menéndez

---------------------------------------------------------
For further instructions on JSS style requirements please see the Style Files (in particular section 2.1 Style Checklist of jss.pdf) and FAQ at http://www.jstatsoft.org/about/submissions.

For further examples please see RECENT JSS papers.
---------------------------------------------------------

From the editorial team:

o Combine main article and appendix into a single PDF. The appendix should be included as appendix in the main article file, but with usual style.

o Provide a single R script which contains the code to reproduce the results. Providing also the html file obtained when executing is recommended, but not compulsory.

o Maybe it would be preferable to use the new |> pipe consisently in main and appendix.

Manuscript style comments:

o The code presented in the manuscript should not contain comments within the verbatim code. Instead the comments should be made in the normal LaTeX text.

o For R-related manuscripts: The first argument of data() and library() should always be quoted, e.g., library("foo").

o If using "e.g." and "i.e." add a comma after the period to keep LaTeX from interpreting them as the end of a sentence, i.e.: "e.g., " and "i.e., ".

o For bullet lists/itemized lists please use either a comma, semi-colon, or period at the end of each item.

o Abbreviations should be spelled in upper-case letters without additional formatting (i.e., without periods, without small caps, italics, etc.).  All abbreviations should be introduced with their expansion where the expansion should not be capitalized.

o As a reminder, please make sure that:
	- \proglang, \pkg and \code have been used for highlighting throughout the paper (including titles and references), except where explicitly escaped.


References:


o Springer-Verlag (not: Springer)
	using R and GGobi. Springer, New York. With contributions from Buja, A., Temple Lang,


o Please make sure that all software packages are \cite{}'d properly.
o All references should be in title style.
o See FAQ for specific reference instructions.


Code:

o Please make sure that the files needed to replicate all code/examples within the manuscript are included in a standalone replication script.